I will walk you through
the forward propagation
of the CBOW model.
We will see what
happens to your inputs
as it goes through the
activation layers,
until it finally
becomes a prediction.
Let's dive in. Earlier
you learned about
the cross-entropy loss function
and how it can be used to
measure the error made
by the neural network of
a continuous bag-of-words model
when making a single prediction.
Now, you'll train
the neural net using
batches of examples.
First, you will propagate
these examples forward
into the network.
If you don't remember what
forward propagation is,
no worries, I'll cover
this in the video.
You will then
calculate the cost,
which is an extension
of the loss to
support a batch of
training examples.
Finally, you will use
back propagation and
gradient descent to
optimize the parameters of
the network and improve its
predictive performance.
I'll be describing these soon.
A quick refresher on
forward propagation.
It involves seeking
input values,
passing them forward through
the neural network from
input to output through
each successive layer,
and calculating the values
of the layers as you do so.
Starting with a
batch of examples
represented as X aV by m matrix,
where V is the vocabulary
size and m is the batch size.
You will first propagate
X forward into
the neural network and get
the output matrix Y hat,
which is aV by m matrix.
Remember that the output
matrix simply stacks
the m output column
vectors corresponding to
the m input vectors
representing each of
training examples.
Now, let's revisit the formulas
for forward propagation.
To calculate the loss
for a single example,
you use the cross-entropy
loss function.
When you're working with
batches of examples,
you will calculate the cost,
which has the same purpose as
the loss and is actually
based on the loss function.
In practice, the terms loss and
cost are often used
interchangeably,
but in this course, we
will refer to loss for
a single example and cost
to refer to a batch of examples.
The cross-entropy cost for
a batch of examples
is simply the mean of
the cross-entropy losses of
each of the m
individual examples.
Formally, the formula for
the cross entropy cost for
a batch of training examples is
J_batch equals minus 1
over m times the sum
over all the examples,
i from 1 to m of the sum over
all the rows that each
represents a word
in the vocabulary,
which is j from 1 to V of
y^j_i times the
logarithm of y hat^j_i.
You can rewrite this
formula as J_batch equals 1
over m times the sum over
all the examples of J^i;
where J^i is the
loss for example, i.
By doing it this way,
you can visualize the cost as
the average of
individual losses.
Up next, you'll use the
cost function to adjust
the parameters of the neural net
to improve its predictions.
You've seen the cross-entropy
cost function and why it
is helpful in predicting
one of the possible words.
In the next video,
you're going to
learn how to train
your word vectors using
this cost function.